Reduce file size of Benchmarks (#68)
trixi-framework/HOHQMesh: Examples/README.md

# HOHQMesh Examples

> There are sixteen two-dimensional and ten three-dimensional examples included in the repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 16 2D examples and 10 3D examples included in the repository
```
This reads easier for me, but YMMV
